Add lastest changes to the project overview (#1641)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-extension-studio.adoc

The Bonita platform is highly extensible so we created a dedicated view to manage the extensions of your project

== Opening the extensions view

> The extensions view is opened from either the new button in the Studio cool bar or from the project overview.

Reviewer: It feels like you are talking about a New button (one that was not there before), the 'the' new button ^^'

```suggestion
The extensions view is opened from either the project overview or from the coolbar _New -> extension_.
```
